README.md, before:

# _Epicodus Track Suggester Assessment_

#### _Epicodus Track Suggester Assessment | June 1, 2018_

#### By _**Nikki Boyd**_

## Description

_This application is used as an assessment tool for prospective Epicodus students. It will ask users a series of questions about their background, employment aspirations, and learning styles to suggest a track based on their selected answers. This project was Nikki's first application using JavaScript and jQuery._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _1. Open the link below_
* _GitHub Pages:_
* _https://nikkiboyd.github.io/track-quiz_
* _2. Enter your first and last name. If left blank, application will bring users back to the top of the page and alert them to re-enter their information._
* _3. Answer each of the 10 questions. Error message will appear in results box if any questions are left blank._
* _4. Click the "Submit!" button below to return the results from the assessment. Points for each of the three tracks (React/C#, Ruby on Rails, and Design/CSS) are assigned to the answers that most closely correspond with the given track._
* _Point Scoring System:_
* _Ruby on Rails: 60-41 points_
* _React and C#: 40-30 points_
* _Design/CSS: 20-1 points_

## Known Bugs

_There are no known bugs._

## Support and contact details

_Please reach out to Nikki Boyd at boyd.nikki@icloud.com if you experience difficulty running this page._

## Technologies Used

_This webpage was made using JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap._

### License

*This software is licensed under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_Nikki Boyd_**

Commit message:

update README.md for note about updated version on the Multipage branch

README.md, after:

# _Epicodus Track Suggester Assessment_

#### _Epicodus Track Suggester Assessment | June 1, 2018_

#### By _**Nikki Boyd**_

## Description

_This application is used as an assessment tool for prospective Epicodus students. It will ask users a series of questions about their background, employment aspirations, and learning styles to suggest a track based on their selected answers. This project was Nikki's first application using JavaScript and jQuery._

_NOTE: This is an out of date version submitted for the 5 PM Friday deadline. Please check out the branch "Multipage" to view the most updated version of this application (worked on independently over the weekend)._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _1. Open the link below_
* _GitHub Pages:_
* _https://nikkiboyd.github.io/track-quiz_
* _2. Enter your first and last name. If left blank, application will bring users back to the top of the page and alert them to re-enter their information._
* _3. Answer each of the 10 questions. Error message will appear in results box if any questions are left blank._
* _4. Click the "Submit!" button below to return the results from the assessment. Points for each of the three tracks (React/C#, Ruby on Rails, and Design/CSS) are assigned to the answers that most closely correspond with the given track._
* _Point Scoring System:_
* _Ruby on Rails: 60-41 points_
* _React and C#: 40-30 points_
* _Design/CSS: 20-1 points_

## Known Bugs

_There are no known bugs._

## Support and contact details

_Please reach out to Nikki Boyd at boyd.nikki@icloud.com if you experience difficulty running this page._

## Technologies Used

_This webpage was made using JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap._

### License

*This software is licensed under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_Nikki Boyd_**
